Life. Okay, we are live. I'm gonna give this just another couple seconds to let everybody get settled and then we will get started. So thanks everyone for joining us. Okay, I think I'm gonna go ahead and get started here, all right? So hello everyone. Thanks for joining. Wherever you are in the world, my name is Lisa nester and I work on the ecosystem team at the Stellar Development Foundation, and today I will be your
Moderator for our first ever virtual roundtable, where the focus of our discussion will be on a new sub proposal that focuses on what we call send receive transactions. So we'll dive more into this and certainly all of the details of the send receive proposal. However, first I'll give a quick outline of the agenda. So I will begin by providing a quick introduction to everyone about what a Stellar SEP is and this dollar set ecosystem, will then move to the send receive depth discussion, providing a short overview of the purpose of this SEP as well as decisions that have been made today, and then we will open it up to our roundtable participants to start having a discussion and sorting through pending details. Then, at the end, we will also try and leave some time for Q&A
From any anybody who streaming in and participating this in this discussion as an audience member. So please feel free to add any questions on the youtube question chat box, as you'd like. So go ahead and dive into things. What is a step? So a SUP is a Stellar native term that stands for a Stellar ecosystem proposal, and so steps are publicly created, open source documents that live in a github repository and facilitate the creation and eventual adoption of technical standards within the Stellar ecosystem. These are standards above the core protocol layer, so these are really eCos, some level proposals and standards so provide a kind of short overview. Subs
Are really a dynamic way of introducing new standards to the protocol for the ecosystem above the Stellar network. So these are things that really helped to develop use cases that are being implemented and tested by companies and individuals across the Stellar ecosystem and as new ideas or kind of new use cases are developed, they can be introduced in the form of a set to start creating technical standards and adoption across the ecosystem and it's worth noting that you know steps within the Stellar ecosystem. Much of them have been inspired by the IETF. Just to give a quick view of the SEP overview process for anyone that would be interested and doing this themselves or getting more involved in other steps that are being introduced. So this really starts with an introduction or kind of initial
Discussion. So there's a use case, there's a type of transaction, or you know a type of operation that someone wants to do in the Stellar ecosystem and there's not really a standard, easy way to implement this. So they will reach out and start kind of talking with other people, an ecosystem including SDF, to get a sense of other people would have a similar desire, they see a similar need, and also to get feedback on kind of other iterations of how that use case might work. After those kind of precept discussions happen, then an actual step is drafted and so you know this usually comes in the form of a pull request and the github repository. At that point there's a lot of continued discussion, further iterations and merging of the proposal itself, which then will actually get changed into a
Formal draft. Once that draft is developed, then it will kind of go into an awaiting decision on standpoint where it's tested and implemented. But there's a period for final comments to be submitted by other people in the ecosystem that are using with the SUP, and it's kind of very early stage on. Once that kind Final Comment Period is closed, the step officially becomes active again. This is still you can think of as a very early period where the stuff is finalized, but there's still kind of testing, an early stage implementation of it, and then once we feel a step is really robust, we call it, we move it to a final phase where it becomes a full standard within the ecosystem. So just to give reference right now for this conversation, we're still in this kind of merging and further iteration. So there was a proposal that's been drafted and so we're now reviewing that and so you know,
I think to look at the big picture subs, are really a ecosystem. Each sorry steps are really a tool to ensure that we're facilitating an open financial network. They create standard and uniform ways for different types of assets or applications to interface with the Stellar ecosystem, and underlying that is an ability to create interoperability across various applications, wallets and assets across Stellar. So they're really a critical part of facilitating an open Financial network. Just a quick example is sub 24- deposit and withdrawal or anchored assets and wallets and the Stellar ecosystem. So this is a very it's an active set and it really has provided a way to improve user experiences across wallets, for users to be able to deposit
Them, withdraw balances across many different anchor tassets and it also ensures asset compatibility. So as an anchor or somebody issuing an asset, I can make sure that if I use the 24, the others twenty four wallet or application in the Stellar ecosystem will be compatible with my asset. So very valuable in that sense. Hmm, moving into the actual round table, I'll quickly introduce our participants. We have three companies from the Stellar ecosystem which will be speaking during this roundtable. We have Anthony from tempo money transfer, who's calling it from France. We have Erasmus and Andy from Satoshi pay, we're calling in from Germany. And we have boob Emmy, who is from Calvary System and calling in from Abuja- so, yes, from Lagos,
I'm sorry, I apologize for that- and finally we have Michael, who is one of our lead integration engineers at STF, who will be kind of taking the lead and help to facilitate this discussion for the participants. So, transition into this, we can kind of start by providing a quick overview of what this send receive stuff is focused on doing and we've had to date. So with that I will hand it over to Michael. All right, cool, thank you this time. So what this is trying to achieve. We already have two steps for wallets, pinker interoperability, so this is kind of a unilateral thing where it's one person trying to withdraw into their own real world Bank. The point of this step is to facilitate payments between two different people. So as far as the actual users are concerned, here it'll
Just look like I'm sending money into my other person's bank account. This is going to be facilitated, usually by two anchors who actually have relationships with each other, and ideally there will be a dense network of anchors in all different regions so you could send to anywhere in the world. But the important part is that it is between two different end user individuals. So our use case, you know, for example, business from Nigeria to Europe- and this is something that Kerry and temple have already started working on and have kind of used some of our older steps to make this work. And ideally we're gonna have a more clear, actual, explicit step for this so that when other you know if a third party, a third acre, comes on, they can have a business relationship and then just plug in and not have to do technical integrations or not have to do
Anything complicated. It's already gonna be built. So we've made some decisions already. You know nothing final. This is all. I'm just trying to put something out there so we can talk about. It looks a lot like step 6, mostly because what we've seen from other anchors, we've seen from Temple and Calgary, is that step 6 technically seems to work for a lot of this: the shape of the API, what it offers. Really it seems to work. So I didn't want to reinvent the wheel and make everybody jump through hoops. So what I did, and you can see in this draft PR: it basically takes something that looks like SEP sticks, create a separate end point for it and clean up a few things. So we took out the usage of step 12, and step 12 is a customer info server. So this is a way of
Sending. It's an endpoint just for sharing KYC information between two anchors. And originally we used this and what we thought is it just makes the flow more complicated. It's easier to just send the customer info with the first call anyways. So I'm gonna walk through. Do you mind if I share my screen, Lisa? Okay, I'm gonna do it. Has anybody here some experience with step 12? Because, to be honest, I had not seen it. They come up in many conversations previously. Yeah, it's something that you know. I'm curious. So that's one of the things I want to ask
About it is: do people feel like step 12 is necessary? Is it useful and helpful or does it just kind of redirect some usage and complicate this story? Yes, we've implemented cent well. Personally, I think it's useful. I like it goes back to that original goal of having and what it's experienced, such that you can do KYC once you can have it stored in the wallet. And then any new anchor going forward, you can be sure that you have done the KYC them, So I think it's useful in that respect. It really helps to use the experience that you can do kick the questing once and then they can have their one of it to manage the KYT. Anything you anchor who comes online afterwards, that user is
Sure that they can do okay. I see with Latin America, I just absolutely control. But it's in German. That's my proposal. Wouldn't you still have a new anchor comes on board, wouldn't you still have to redo that KYC with the new anchor? Yes, but the idea is, or my concept is, you can help. You want it actually strong KYC information once. Right, Amanda, when a new ad comes on board, you can share that already stored KYC information with the new haircut finest set. Well, does that make it easier? So, actually, let's come back to this. I'm gonna walk through how works so we can also be on the same page. They see audience aware what KYC means. So KYC is essentially, you know your
Customer, this is information, firm ation, about people trying to send or receive money. This can be simple as name or it can be as complicated as we need a photo of your passport with me, a photo of your face holding your passport, that kind of thing. So it can get complicated at times. Well, some of the my toast be stricter requirements and businesses- and I know your customer there's also know your business right, and then we really start opening out from Pandora's box, and so it really is a diverse topic. Can you guys see this separate? Now I'm confused as to what's happening with missing plane. Yes,
Yeah, so I'm just gonna walk through what the step we have currently is. So, at the highest level there is, you know, this is something that creates a product between my brother's already to end users and it's facilitated by two businesses that have rails between each other. So these, you know, one of the differences between this and something like step 6 or step 24 is that this is not a discoverable protocol. Any anchors that are going to be involved in this, any rails are created. They have a relationship up front. So it's not like someone can just pop up and say now I'm an anchor in Saudi Arabia and, you know, get money sent to them without someone agreeing that they're actually a real business. So in this example, we had Ellis in Nigeria who wants to send money to Bob in Europe. So she, Alice, will sign up
With Nigeria pay to make this payment. Reading about Bangkok, Bob doesn't need to know anything. All he needs to do is make sure that Alice knows his bank account information so she can actually deposited. So, Oh, looks like they used the word calorie instead of Nigeria pay. I'll change that. But basically this Nigerian anchor has a relationship with someone in Europe, a, and then they will use this protocol to actually transfer the money and tell Europe a where to deposit the money into paws bank account. So the actual protocol only happens between the two anchors. Everything that happens outside of the two makers communicating is not part of the SAP. We don't need any protocols for that. So when Nigeria paid on boards Alice and collects all of alice's information, this is just a web app or a mobile app. There's no interoperable protocol here.
So we don't want to try to define too. much, only the things that have to do with part parties interacting with each other. My listen, I just asked you. I, you know, looking at the feedback at the moment or on github? I'm just on your screen. I'm looking at the github, at the markdown and the github. Just wait a second. Are you on this? What you're seeing, what I'm highlighting right now? Yes, okay, I'm sorry. Yes, I'm looking at this. Why is this okay? I'm sorry, I was looking at the wrong screen. I had a second screen up, so this is what I just described there are. So here's how this actually works. There are four entities. There's a sending client and the receiving client. These are the actual people or businesses sending money and receiving
Money and then the sending and receiving anchor. So the sending client will set sign up with the sending anchor, tell them they want to send money to Europe. The sending anchor will decide who their anchor is in Europe. Send the tokens over and then the receiving cur will deposit into receiving clients Bank. When these rails are set up, each anchor is gonna find a counterparty who would ever reach anyone operate with and they're gonna trade public keys so that we can use step 10 than step six in step 24, where we use SEP 10 to the anchors. It's the anchors proving who they are to interact with each other. This is not a sub time for the end user. So when we- sorry, okay- when we do all the onboarding
And when we collect all the information for the transaction, this happens out of the scope of the spec. And so the first time to anchor, the sending anchor will collect the amounts, the any KYC information about the sender or the receiver that they need the bank count information, where it's going, and then that's when the actual initiation happens of the protocol. So I just got a message from someone asking if you could zoom in a little bit. It's hard to read, awesome, is it? I also we're gonna link to this repo specifically in the YouTube chat so people can go on that directly as well. Yeah, someone could drop that into the chat. I couldn't comment from my seller account that great. So this is where
Things start to look a little familiar. So now that the sending client has cleared the Sun, Waker when it wants to you, we can start this protocol advanced. So basically the sending client is going to choose their destination region. They're going to say I want to send this to Europe. And now this sending anchor says: okay, I know who my Europe anchor is. I'm gonna look up their Tamil file to get their sensor for API endpoint. I'm gonna look up their infant to see what fields they need. So this is very much like the steps, except 24 in phone point. They're actually just a SEP 16 point where it'll say: you know I can do a direct send for euros and I need these fields. I need bank account, I need routing number, I need first and last name of the receiver and using the information, I can make sure that, as the sending anchor, I've collected all that from my sending client and if I
Didn't- you know that's the second page- I can collect whatever I need. So once I've collected all that information, I'm making a post request to this send endpoint. So this is very much like the posts deposit, post withdrawal of step 6 and so it's so late. So this is where we were talking about step 12. Instead of using step 12 to send the customer info separately, we're looking at sending it all in one request. So this is just a single atomic request that says: here is what I want to send, here is all the customer information. And if I'm missing something, rather than say, rather than the receiving anchor tell me that, oh, you need to step 12 me some other info, they just say I also need the sender's last name and I will just try the whole thing again with the extra
Information. So the receiving anchor will just reject this send call until it contains everything needed to do the transaction. And once that's ready, once the sending anchor has sent everything to receiving achenes, we're gonna get back the all the payment information. So now, assuming that the sending anchor has collected the fiat, however that's going to happen from a semi client. It can do either a path payment to send the receiving anchor whatever it expects. So a three c maker is expecting to deposit euros, the sending anchor should send the receiving anchor euros, either via path name or via, you know, a regular payment where they've exchanged it however they want. But as long as the sitting anchor receives what they expect, then the set part is basically done. The receiving occur should uses that bank count
Information that was sent with the send call, do the deposit and then from then on there's just the standard transaction end point where the sending Aker can check on the status to make sure everything is going correctly. And so, yeah, that's the general flow of this. So a few things I want to ask about: were you know a the SEP 12 stuff be the idea of refunds is a kind of an open question. It's something that should be very rare, but in the case of a bank you know once the receiving anchor receives the tokens if they can't actually deposit into the receiving bank account. We need to know what happens there. So there's this part of the set where we actually describe what this is. Or is this something that happens outside of this back where, if it's a very rare thing, you know you just communicate with each other, since you have relationships with
Each other? Yeah, before I go any further, does anyone have any comments or questions on what I just talked about? Sorry if that was a lot. I'm sorry for the confusion earlier on the screens. So let me ask about this f12 stuff. Then. If the value of step 12 is knowing that I can just send, I can store the customer info and send it to whoever else, isn't that still the case here, where the sending Aker collects the kose information for whoever it is, they can store it forever because that sending client has create an account and they send it over via this descent endpoint. Doesn't that functionally give
You the same thing as using except 12? I think we need to make some definitions- is useful for an onboarding process, like a registration process. This particular call is not. It's not for onboarding, this is like an actual transaction, basically meaning it can be called many times. So in terms of just getting the required information, it makes sense the way you describe it. My book that gave her all the information is already complete because this is for an actual transaction and if there's anything missing, receiving a kit can immediately reply and by saying these are the fields missing in each these fields and that the sending actor can we try to transaction the. This makes sense in the context of actually sending transactions.
Whereas set 12 is useful, is actually for onboarding and the main differences on body requires identity documents. Writing this particular transaction, this particular end points are referring to the same, doesn't necessarily include identity documents. Right, it's more like personal information, which would be the receive this name, receivables, bank information, but do not hide entity document, sir. This is useful in the context of a transaction which is repeatable. Recep 12 is useful for an onboarding process and where identity documents are extremely so. One is it. One of the things that retama early on is the idea of what is part of the sap and what is not. So step 12 is really useful where you're onboarding to a service
From a product that's not run by the service. So this is really good for using. When we head step 6, if you have a third party wallet that wants to onboard with an exchange, SEP 12 is really important because this lets the exchange collect information from a wallet where the exchange is not controlling the UI- in this case, you know calorie controls, the UI for onboarding. So you can use step 12 if you want, but you don't have to do, since the party collecting the information and party displaying the UI is the same product, there's not really a need for an interoperable. If I think that's the key distinction is that if there's no two parties interoperating, there's really no need to define a set.
Michael, could I ask you that a little bit more? Just kind of definitional info on SEP 12, we've referenced it. It's, you know, yeah, so step 12, a customer information transmission protocol, basically what it is. It's an endpoint where you can post customer information. So let me start over the use case. So what? Like I said earlier, the use case is I'm an exchange and there's a wallet that wants to do to the posits into my exchange for a user. I need to collect customer information from them. To do my KYC. I need to collect personal lastname, a photo of a passport. So should be pioneer information strings. Whatever what this says allows is it says here are the fields that I need and here is
The end points that you can post them to, and then the wallet- who doesn't know anything about the exchange other than this is where I post the customer info to- can send information to the exchange. Yeah, I mean, that's generally simple protocol. It's. You know, a lot of these steps are very simple. You know this is just one endpoint. It's actually two endpoints. It also allows you to delete information, but it's essentially just. You know, it's just a standard that says if you're gonna collect customer info and you want other parties to be able to provide it to you, here's a standard way to do it with no UI or the UI is up to the product itself. We don't say anything about it. But can I ask? So? I don't have a lot of experience, as I mentioned, with this approach, but the
There's no way of fetching the raw data by this correct. What kind of routine? What do you mean? So perhaps I'm an anchor or an entity in and I'm being told that somebody has been chaos, eat. But for whatever reasons- regulatory compliance- I may need to run my own KYC again. I would like to fetch the raw data. If we have some sort of agreement between these two entities that we call so like share the data, of course, in a compliant manner, then I would also want to fetch that raw data, the identity documents, the identity of the natural person, all the documents I have uploaded, so this. So the way that we imagine is happening now is: you know, remember, the first step of the actual protocol here is: we have this info endpoint which I think a lot of people are familiar with, subsection 724. This, basically, this is
How an anchor will kind of advertise what it supports. So this is an anchor that says: I support receiving US dollars. Here's my fee information, and what you're asking about here is these fields. So this says: if you want to do a transaction with me, I'm gonna need the sender's first and last name, the receivers first, last, an email, and these can be any number of KYC fields, including things like passport photo or something, and then the information regarding the transaction. So this is another way that we kind of diverged from step six a bit. Is we separated sender, receiver and transaction information, whereas in step six it's all just fields and that works because there's only one party. You know, with this there's two parties,
There's a sender and receiver. So I guess first off does this. So actually there's two ways. One is this way: the info on point says: here's the fields I need. You want to interact with me? You're gonna have to send me this data. The second way is if you're doing a some someone's echoing, if you're not talking, could you sorry? If yeah, so if you have a transaction that's particularly high value you might say: oh you know, I originally I said I only need first last name, but I actually also need passport photos now and that's where you would reject the first end call and say you know, I need more information, I need this as well. And then the sending anchor would have to collect that and send it to you as well. Does that answer your question about how you would get that data from the sender?
Yeah, I mean, my question was more about step 12, like why it wouldn't be defined then also. Just, I mean at least some suggestion so everybody would have an agreed standard of also requesting that data. Right, there might also be interesting if we looked at sharing a compliance data across a network, but it maybe it's a bit outside the scope of this conversation if we're mainly discussing this new direct payment proposal. So, but it was more like more the direction of a compliant partner network. So you're saying you want a way to like kind of just have shared KYC ahead of time for everybody, rather than at transaction time, yes, for example, or just that. It's sort of the separating concerns a little bit, so that in the set 12 that would potentially allow a. I mean, we- I'm sort of segue into
A little bit of an absolute discussion here- but it would allow for a sort of a. An entity that's focused entirely on doing compliance would allow them to also, for example, provide an, a, an endpoint that everybody would know how to consume and where they could request the data according to certain rules. But it may be it's really relevant to this discussion because it would be more regarding the set 12 itself. So maybe we should pick it up. And can I say one thing, Michael? Yeah, of course, from a kind of European perspective, because the regulations are changing slightly and Germany was a leader in this- is that basically we need liveness tests on all new registrations, and so the whole concept of the SEP 12, of basically having the data and submitting it to a regulated entity in Europe, probably won't fly simply because we need to do a
Live nest egg on the hologram on their ID as well as on their face- pretty principle- if they're a sort of a expiry date and when that. So let's say that somebody does that three months ago and you requested the video recording of that lioness test, somebody sitting in front of an agent and holding up their passport, for example. If you know, they know, yeah, there's no expiry on the video. When the passport expires we have to request a new passport. But yeah, the issues that we as regulated and we have to do our own KYC, even if we're using a partner- what kind of responsible? So we can't 100% delegate- that we still have to hold, be held accountable. So it could be good to have a third party and in fact there's about three or four, like one, if I or some sub or there's about a
Dozen vendors out there will offer this kind of thing. But passing it between companies, it can work. You just need an agreement, a data protection agreement between the companies, like what we signed with bid bond, where they passed us the data they've collected with German KYC provider and they basically an API into the provider exactly. So that would be B, something along those lines, and I'm just thinking that perhaps at 12 could also assist in this sort of sharing a purse and then work right. So yes, of course it would have to be with a German agent in your case, for example, over the, I guess for the European agent that would have to do the lioness check, that would be like very certain my specifications for somebody in Europe compared to somebody in Africa, and so on. But the, if that independent compliance, provide a partner. They made sure to take all
The data accordingly, right? So this is combined with this regulation in these countries. It's not combined with these, if there's a way of signifying that right, and I could still work. And however, I appreciate this really is an axillary discussion- to the set. It is related and it's sort of also a little bit beyond the scope. So it's a very tricky to know when to stop this conversation and so I think it is like it's. The actual mechanics of it are outside the scope of the SAP, but I think it is important to just know that is a use case, the idea of having, like, a shared KYC provider. So I don't think it might not work for everybody, but I want to make sure, like I want to make sure that it does fit into the set, if people do want to use that. So we had thought about this and I think that I think the SEP does provide for that. So if you have a kose network, you have somebody provides, you know, kose compliance for
You, and the way I imagine it works is every client has, like every end user has- a token that says like this is the user. You can look up on the compliance provider and say here's the user, here's the token. Can, you know, provide the KYC for me and verify that they've actually been, you know, properly vetted? And I think the way that would work is that in this info endpoint, you know, we would say instead of first name we would say senders KYC token. That would allow you to then go back to your KYC provider and use that token to make sure everything's on the up and up and everything is what you expect. As far as actually building the KYC network, yes, f12 might be a good way to kind of facilitate that between each other, and I think that is a good use case where you
Actually you don't have to do proprietary characterizing everybody. Nd I asked you to mute when you're not talking. I think you're. You've got some echo going on there- oh, thank you, but do you think that? So I guess my main concern is: I just want to make sure that what the step provides doesn't disallow. I don't want people to have to add another ad hoc API to use this KYC as a service stuff. So just to I mean this is something that we're pushing for very much. I mean we, our service, it's very much in between different entities and the understood network, and one of the things that we want to streamline it's the compliance process. So we are very actively negotiating with the compliance as a service provider and inclusive, and, of course, is it something
That we hope to achieve. So, yes, I mean we would ideally want something on that. So I'm just to let you know, we're also doing something where we're just opening up. We have a partner who was requested and we just open up an API where they can then pull the information. Andy, maybe that could be a step as well like a standardized way of pulling, but they've been validated. The issue that we ran into is every country's got different documents. They require like we're in, we're working in Cyprus and they require in France we don't require proof of income, but in Cyprus they do. So it gets all very complicated very quickly and this is why we would want, really want a focused entity to working in this, that we don't all try to set up our own, but this is at least from our side what we
Would like to see: that we have an entity, dedicated and Stellar who provides that service and also works on standardizing these and then can go into the nitty gritty of quite figuring out the requirements for each jurisdiction and the different purposes, businesses versus individuals and so on. Right, and the only other comment that I have is that, if you look at one of the big guys, like remotely and cosimo, they typically do the became I see at the end meaning they receive the payment first and then they do the KYC after the payments received. So currently we're not doing that. We're doing the KYC first where we unset 24 or we pop up the interactive URL. And this is going completely off topic sorry, because with anchors anchor anchor traffic, that's not an issue, but I'm just saying that with the KYC thing it might,
Following on Andy's concept of this, kos uses services. It might happen after the payment. Yeah, you could share something. That would be great. I mean it's really a good, it's like it would be. It's valuable for the ecosystem. I think if we would have an open standard there in time, and even if the requirements chained are very different between countries sometimes, it would still be valuable in the sense that you don't need to start from scratch but just need to add the data that's missing. So I wanted to see- I don't know we hadn't heard from UPenn me in a while, So I wanted to see if you have any comments on this and then also say that I also think this is very relevant to this discussion- would also suggest perhaps that we kind of make some assumptions around how KYC is being collected for
Kind of like a short term model of how this anchor anchor transaction would work, unless that seems too difficult to do, just so we can kind of test or continue that discussion regardless different jurisdictions requiring different KYC. I just wanted to ask: isn't it up to the receiving anchor? So it's the receiving uncle who would always determine what the requirements are? So if you're in Cyprus but you are sending through tempo, therefore tempo it's what tempo requires. So in this particular situation, you're standing from Cyprus but the requirements would be tempos requirement, which means they don't need to think about such situation. Yeah, I just wanted
To ask about receiving Anka. Who determines what is required? Normally, we do the KYC on who's sending the money. So with the case of you guys, we do the KYC on cowering your folium, the bank. On the case of individual client, we do it on the client. So it just depends on who is the client in the case of you guys, you are our pot, so we do the KYC on you. And then, but then, because you're working with a regulated entity within Nigeria where you're doing the KYC in Nigeria and the you passing some additional details, so we do a validation check, but the person thought on some terrorists list or something like that in France, but we're relying on you and your banking partner to do the KYC in
Nigeria on the sender. No, now, if the amounts are a little bit higher, like with you guys, typically what we ask for- additional information- not proof of income, but you know what what's it for? Like proof of the someone sending two hundred thousand euro or four hundred thousand dollars, and this an individual normally would better. Buying a house, we'll need a reason for the wire and then maybe proof of the purchase of the house. Or, with a company does need an invoice for the. Your company might need to send an invoice and that's not relying on us. That's often our downstream banks that require that, or our internal compliance officer. Yeah, so my question is that in this case, temper we have to follow the template requirements, so it's not determined by
Requirements that might country you. As the receiving anchor. You are responsible for determining what KYC used to be censored. This question of different jurisdictions I went. What I'm trying to get out of is the receiving honker always wins is to receive an actor who determines what KYC is required. So therefore it's always receiving- I'm Christa- jurisdiction, as it doesn't matter what the standing occurs. Jurisdiction came, I see, to require. Okay, I think, but in any event, I think this flow works for us. Michael, when I talked to you last, there was some information like the how would this work for a cash
Transaction, like a cash out? And the second one was a rename, like if the person- that the receiver name- was wrong and they needed to change it, or the bank account was wrong. Yeah, so in the case of if some of the information is wrong, I think what we do is we just have an arat, we just error it out. So, with a with an area that says you know the bank account is not a valid bank account or something. But what happens if it's after tempo, like it's a downstream thing? We sent it to our bank and maybe the bank at the other end- rejects it because it says account number invalid. So okay, yeah, that's, that was one of my big questions. I want to ask: is how rare is that case? And is that something we want to make part of the spec? So I could imagine a case where we
Have, you know, the, this thinning anchor might say: if anything goes wrong, send the money back to this Stellar account and we'll essentially reverse the whole thing. This creates bank accounts. I don't think we have a lot of errors. But we do with a cash. So if someone sitting to a cash transaction is a synagogue or Philippines, we often get, like I mentioned last time, things about three to five percent of the transactions. The person puts the wrong cuz. Then it might person might have a middle name, might have like three or four names, and so the sender puts two of the names. And so when they get person goes to pick up the cash, their passport says the whole five names and so they have to call us or contact us. and then do a rename. Okay. So this is where you're acting as the sending
anchor, not as the receiving right. And then a receiving anchor says: let me do a little bit of cash out. It's not our main business. But I was more focusing on Africa. Don't we do a lot? Yeah, okay, that's, yeah, that's a big percentage to just ever out, I think just airing it out is the well okay, no, sorry. You can't hair it out because it's already sent. Some. Four is kind of like an update payment endpoint or something where someone can change after everything is said and done, but it hasn't been paid out. You want to be able to update something. Normally what would happen is they pull the transaction status. We'd have it marked as error and we'd have an error type, like it'll be one of two things: it'll be in pending
Pickup or like a waiting for pickup status. This is cash still, and the person would do a rename and say, okay, instead of John Mark is John, it's John Luke and does it renames the last name: okay, and so currently this solution that like actually exists in the spec is to just issue a refund and do it again. okay. This creates problems because there's foreign exchange fees. Values change. Obviously. It's definitely not ideal. So again with our customers, they would expect it to be the same. They'd expect exactly. It'll be a giant nightmare if lifted. You'll refund, right, we do it, yeah,
Okay, then I think that's something that's missing. here. So we need to figure out a way for the receiving anchor to tell the sending anchor something's wrong. Here's what's wrong and here's how you can tell us how to fix it. If it's a, you can tell us how to fix it. If it's a fixable thing, right. So what they would probably do is give the reference, the transaction reference, the operation ID or some transaction reference, that we feed them back and then send a transaction update call. Okay, and since the spec doesn't have a way to update the transaction, only to create them, that's probably the missing, okay. Ah, it's a little more complicated because you have to tell the setting Inc or something, and that's a different direction that doesn't really exist in
The specs. So far, so okay. This is good. information. I'm gonna have to do some thinking on that and come up with a solution. But I agree that would make the product a lot better. This is kind of a big missing thing. Okay, that's fine. Have this resolved with the transaction and portable. So you would normally pull the transaction endpoint to find out the status of your transaction. So compass be solved with that endpoint. Basically, when you first send the transaction, they would return something like panting, pay up and then eventually, let's say, you call it a couple of hours later tomorrow, we're at that point. You know there's something wrong, then it would have an error description. Wouldn't that work? Yeah, I think so. The transaction object can
Have like a status, you know, mmm, info needed or update, eat it or something you know. We just had a comment on YouTube from Mariano who said: do you think an intermediate status could be added for all transactions? That by default status would be pending and then change? To share that comment and also give a five minute warning. Cool, yeah, I think that when you guys well said, just makes sense, have a status needed, update for transaction and then also make it so you can do a plate or a update, call on the transaction endpoint to actually change some of the information. I think that seems fine. One of the last things I wanted to ask about while we're all here is the idea of receiving KYC. What I've been hearing most of is that
There's not a big issue as far as like. to be run KYC on the receiver. Could you guys share a little about what requirements you have about the person receiving the money just really quickly. From a European perspective for mittens it's fairly like KYC, because either we collected directly from the recipients- like if they come to a store, a physical outlet to pick up cash- they'll provide their ID, so we don't need anything on the call because we're collecting it, or it's the bank account in and European bank account. We don't need an additional kose information. However, if it was a merchant- and we're doing merchants acquiring, which we've been looking into- then we might need to KYC the beneficiary because that in that case the beneficiary would be a merchant.
But I don't think. I think that's out of, scope for this specification. When you're acting in as the sender, do you ever need any kose on the receiving client? When you're descending anchor- occasionally we do, okay, but that's our compliance officer- would go to their compliance officer and typically ask for proof of the ID. But I think it happens. It's a very rare event, okay, but it could come on the transactions again, like I mentioned, if it's a very large amount, there might be additional proof of source of funds, or you know for an invoice or a company or something else.
We handle that side of expect if your receiver KYC doesn't come up much. If it's going into a back, then it's all handled by the back, has all became YC initially and it's no, it's- we don't at the moment, but if it's cash, then we connected it from the actual. We could click the KYC from the person who's coming to pick up the cash. So we don't need to rely on. Okay, Anthony, you're saying that sounds like, by necessity, a very high touch thing. It's not something that can really be codified for cash. No, for like a really high value transaction where you need proof of funds or something. Is that something that can become part of the spec or is that, like
You really need a compliance officer to be doing this manually? For me it would be maybe a next version of us of the spec. Again, each country is different, so it's a little bit hard to codify it. Okay, pending the anchors to it, I guess that would be done by pending senator, pending receiver. If you're gonna check on something that's more complicated, so that that's fine. Yeah, it could be a pending receiver and if there was some free text or something like this, it could be good. Where you say a proof of source of funds are proof of Issa funds required. Yeah, cool, I know our time is basically over, but I just wanted
To highlight that we didn't have the chance to talk about the, our use case. Yet said is like if it involves a party, that it's not a traditional anchor in that sense, but another business entity. I don't know, do we still have time to quickly outline what different approaches or what features we would need in the set and to pull that off for this special use case? Maybe I'm gonna jump in here. Yes, I totally agree with you, Andy, and I think you know this just means we need to set up more of these discussions and more frequently, or definitely really focused on supporting the stuff in your use case as well. So I think for now we can't extend this specific session, but we can obviously continue to extend it offline and perhaps we'll set up another one of
These in the near future. So thank you all for attending. I also just wanted to address one kind of recurring question that we saw through our website and YouTube feeds, which was in regards to like: how do you know the quality of an anchor, or des, Stellar or SDF, somehow that anchors as part of its network, and so I just wanted to make the point clear that Stellar itself is an open financial network, a decentralized ledger. Anchors are enterprises and institutions with real world reputation and oftentimes, real world licenses and regulations that they're following. So anchors are vetted by applications or other anchors that are going to use those services. With the mastaba ecosystem, we have a system called, you know, Thomas, which helps to helps anchors
To publish their website information about themselves, their business licenses they hold, but we, you know, certainly are working in both and open but also reputational ecosystem on Stellar. So I just wanted to quickly touch on that and again, thank everyone for joining. This conversation is certainly not over, so perhaps even you know just getting started, but I think a lot of really great insights here, a lot of great suggestions, and so will follow up and continue to take things forward cool. Thanks everyone.